Style Guide and Diataxis Review: Streams III (#225)
iotaledger/streams: documentation/docs/libraries/rust/getting_started.md

```

## Basic Usage

> After adding the necessary projects and their dependencies are added, you can start using the Streams library. Below are two example scripts for both the author and the subscriber. The author script will announce a channel and print the announcement link. The subscriber script handles the announcement to let subscribers know where to find the channel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After adding the necessary projects and their dependencies, you can start using the Streams library. Below are two example scripts for both the [author](../../overview.md#authors) and the [subscriber](../../overview.md#subscribers). The author script will announce a channel and print the announcement link. The subscriber script handles the announcement to let subscribers know where to find the channel.
```

 
### Author

Replace the seed of the author with a random string and run the script to get the announcement link.

> ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion
```rust
````

```

### Subscriber

Replace the seed of the subscriber with a random string, paste the announcement link from the author script above and run the script to let the subscriber find the channel.

> ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion
```rust
````

```

## Next Steps

> Now we can begin subscribing users to the channel and generating branches to specify access control for publishers and subscribers via keyload messages.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now you can start subscribing users to the channel and generating branches to specify access control for publishers and subscribers via [keyload](../../overview.md#keyloads) messages.  
```

### Subscription

To subscribe to a channel, subscribers create a subscribe message linked to the channel announcement message. The message link should then be provided to the author. This allows the author to handle the subscription message and use the subscriber's public key for access control and validation purposes.

#### Subscriber

> ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion
```rust
````

```

#### Author

> ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion
```rust
````

author.send_keyload_for_everyone(&ann_link).await?;
```

### Pre-shared Keys 

> As an alternative to subscribing via public key exchange using subscribe messages, an author may specify access control by uding a pre-shared key (PSK). A PSK is a 32-byte array containing a secret key, shared outside of the Streams instance, that can be used to specify access through a keyload message. Suppose an author issues a keyload with a PSK included, and a subscriber reads this message with the same PSK stored within itself. In that case, the subscriber can participate in the proceeding branch without being subscribed to the channel. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As an alternative to subscribing via public key exchange using subscribe messages, an author may specify access control by adding a pre-shared key (PSK). A PSK is a 32-byte array containing a secret key, shared outside of the Streams instance, that can be used to specify access through a keyload message. Suppose an author issues a keyload with a PSK included, and a subscriber reads this message with the same PSK stored within itself. In that case, the subscriber can participate in the proceeding branch without being subscribed to the channel. 
```

Example: 

> ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion
```rust
````
